According to a 六六六 recent report, cheating *&^*&^*&^  among college and university students is on the rise. However, Groveton College has successfully reduced student cheating by adopting an honor code, which calls for students to agree not to cheat in their academic endeavors and to notify a faculty member if they suspect that others have cheated. Groveton's honor code replaced a system in which teachers closely monitored The Younger Generation In the Twenty-first Century

　　Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.

　　We always say ‘we are the future’. Indeed. We, the younger generation represents modern knowledge, new concepts, ambition and great desire for success. But, have you ever thought of this question: how can we be successful in the 21st century, which is full of great challenges and fierce competitions? In my opinion, there are two important factors.

　　First, we have to catch the opportunities and face the challenges. China has successfully entered the World Trade Organization, Beijing has won the bid for the 2008 Olympic Games… If we want to be successful, we have to seize these opportunities. SARS and AIDS, environmental pollution, growing population… We have no choice but to solve these problems with our own hands. Thus, catching the opportunities and trying our best to cope with the difficulties is necessary for us to succeed in the 21st century.

　　Secondly, we have to learn to cooperate and compete. Last year, when SARS was spreading rapidly in China, scientists all over the world cooperated with each other and prevented the disease from spreading in a short period of time. At the same time, they were also competing against each other to see who could conquer the disease first. By cooperating and competing, the world develops day by day. Therefore, we, the younger generation, must know how to cooperate and compete.

　　Ladies and gentlemen, we are standing at the outset of a new century, we are at the gate of a new era. Looking back, the 20th century is a century of great developments and remarkable changes. Looking forward, the 21st century is a century full of opportunities, challenges, cooperation and competition. I believe, if we can seize the opportunities, face the challenges, cooperate and compete, success in the 21st century belongs to him, to you and to me.  students; under that system, teachers reported an average of thirty cases of cheating per year. In the first year the honor code was in place, students reported twenty-one cases of cheating; five years later, this figure had dropped to fourteen. Moreover, in a recent survey, a majority of Groveton 水电费 students said 23409823 &()*@%)(&#^)(7 that they would be less likely to cheat with an honor code in place than without. Thus, all colleges and universities should adopt honor codes similar to Groveton's in order to decrease cheating among students.